README.md, before:

## Building

You need:

* Qt 5.6 beta (on OSX and windows it will be automatically downloaded when you run CMake)
* cmake 3.1 or newer
* ninja is recommended for building

Special Qt requirements (if you build it yourself):

* On Windows, you must apply ``qt-patches/0003-Always-enable-viewport-stuff.patch``
  for correct window scaling.
* On OSX, you should apply ``qt-patches/0002-qtbase-Don-t-show-the-menu-bar-at-all-in-lion-style-fullscr.patch``
  to improve the user experience in fullscreen.

## Building on Mac OS X

Configure

If you're happy just building from the command line then run CMake for the ninja build tool:

* ``mkdir build ; cd build``
* ``cmake -GNinja -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=output ..``

Build (ninja):

* ``ninja``

Make a distributable package:

* ``ninja install`` (be patient, it's slow)

Or if you prefer working in Xcode, run CMake for the xcode build):

* ``mkdir build ; cd build``
* ``cmake -GXcode ..``

## Building on Linux

### Building Qt 5.6.0 beta

You'll want to grab one of the Qt 5.6.0 beta packages from http://download.qt.io/ and unpack it locally. On Fedora, even with a working development environment set up, the following packages were necessary to successfully build Qt (and QtWebEngine):

``sudo dnf install libxcb libxcb-devel libXrender libXrender-devel xcb-util-wm xcb-util-wm-devel xcb-util xcb-util-devel xcb-util-image xcb-util-image-devel xcb-util-keysyms xcb-util-keysyms-devel libcap-devel snappy-devel libsrtp-devel nss-devel pciutils-devel gperf``

(The majority of the packages on this list came from http://code.qt.io/cgit/qt/qtbase.git/tree/src/plugins/platforms/xcb/README, but everything after xcb-util-keysyms-devel was trial-and-error in attempts build QtWebEngine; this list of packages may not be complete, but hopefully it provides a useful starting point.)

Once you've unpacked the Qt 5.6.0 beta package:

* ``cd qt-everywhere-opensource-src-5.6.0-beta``
* ``./configure -confirm-license -opensource``
* ``make``
* ``sudo make install``
* ``cd qtwebengine``
* ``qmake``
* ``make``
* ``sudo make install``

That should do it for Qt. It's worth noting that, on a Core i7-950 with 24GB of RAM, this took more than three hours to build.

### Building mpv

mpv is a bit easier to build than Qt, and compiles much faster.

Before you attempt to build mpv, make sure you have either ffmpeg 2.4.0 (and related development packages) or libav11 (and related devel packages) installed.

* ``git clone git://github.com/mpv-player/mpv``
* ``cd mpv``
* ``./bootstrap.py``
* ``./waf configure --enable-libmpv-shared``
* ``./waf build``
* ``sudo ./waf install``

### Finally! Building plex-media-player

Assuming that everything else has installed correctly, building Plex Media Player should now be fairly straightforward:

* ``git clone git://github.com/plexinc/plex-media-player``
* ``cd plex-media-player``
* ``mkdir build``
* ``cd build``
* ``cmake -GNinja -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug -DQTROOT=/usr/local/Qt-5.6.0 -DMPV_INCLUDE_DIR=/usr/local/include/mpv -DMPV_LIBRARY=/usr/local/lib/libmpv.so.1 -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=output ..``
* ``ninja-build``

Once ninja-build completes successfully, you should have a usable ``./src/plexmediaplayer`` binary. Run it and test it out! If it works as you expect, you should be able to run ``sudo install ./src/plexmediaplayer ./src/pmphelper /usr/local/bin`` so that the program is usable from anywhere on the system.

## License

Plex Media Player is licensed under GPL v2. See the ``LICENSE`` file.
Licenses of dependencies are summarized under ``resources/misc/licenses.txt``.
This file can also be printed at runtime when using the ``--licenses`` option.

Commit message:

Update readme with make flag notes for speed
Plex-CLA-1.0-signed-off-by: [Michael DeGuzis] <mdeguzis@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

## Building

You need:

* Qt 5.6 beta (on OSX and windows it will be automatically downloaded when you run CMake)
* cmake 3.1 or newer
* ninja is recommended for building

Special Qt requirements (if you build it yourself):

* On Windows, you must apply ``qt-patches/0003-Always-enable-viewport-stuff.patch``
  for correct window scaling.
* On OSX, you should apply ``qt-patches/0002-qtbase-Don-t-show-the-menu-bar-at-all-in-lion-style-fullscr.patch``
  to improve the user experience in fullscreen.

## Building on Mac OS X

Configure

If you're happy just building from the command line then run CMake for the ninja build tool:

* ``mkdir build ; cd build``
* ``cmake -GNinja -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=output ..``

Build (ninja):

* ``ninja``

Make a distributable package:

* ``ninja install`` (be patient, it's slow)

Or if you prefer working in Xcode, run CMake for the xcode build):

* ``mkdir build ; cd build``
* ``cmake -GXcode ..``

## Building on Linux

### Building Qt 5.6.0 beta

You'll want to grab one of the Qt 5.6.0 beta packages from http://download.qt.io/ and unpack it locally. On Fedora, even with a working development environment set up, the following packages were necessary to successfully build Qt (and QtWebEngine):

``sudo dnf install libxcb libxcb-devel libXrender libXrender-devel xcb-util-wm xcb-util-wm-devel xcb-util xcb-util-devel xcb-util-image xcb-util-image-devel xcb-util-keysyms xcb-util-keysyms-devel libcap-devel snappy-devel libsrtp-devel nss-devel pciutils-devel gperf``

(The majority of the packages on this list came from http://code.qt.io/cgit/qt/qtbase.git/tree/src/plugins/platforms/xcb/README, but everything after xcb-util-keysyms-devel was trial-and-error in attempts build QtWebEngine; this list of packages may not be complete, but hopefully it provides a useful starting point.)

Once you've unpacked the Qt 5.6.0 beta package:

* ``cd qt-everywhere-opensource-src-5.6.0-beta``
* ``./configure -confirm-license -opensource``
* ``make``
* ``sudo make install``
* ``cd qtwebengine``
* ``qmake``
* ``make``
* ``sudo make install``

That should do it for Qt. It's worth noting that, on a Core i7-950 with 24GB of RAM, this took more than three hours to build. Also, you can prefix `./configure` with a [make](http://linux.die.net/man/1/make) flag definition such as "`MAKEFLAGS="-j$(nproc)"`", where `nproc` is the number of parallel builds desired. This will significantly speed up compile time. It is [suggested](http://www.makelinux.net/books/lkd2/ch02lev1sec3) to use a number 1 to 2x the # of cores you have. For more, also see [this article](http://www.math-linux.com/linux/tip-of-the-day/article/speedup-gnu-make-build-and-compilation-process).

Example:
```
MAKEFLAGS="-j$(nproc)" ./configure -confirm-license -opensource
```

### Building mpv

mpv is a bit easier to build than Qt, and compiles much faster.

Before you attempt to build mpv, make sure you have either ffmpeg 2.4.0 (and related development packages) or libav11 (and related devel packages) installed.

* ``git clone git://github.com/mpv-player/mpv``
* ``cd mpv``
* ``./bootstrap.py``
* ``./waf configure --enable-libmpv-shared``
* ``./waf build``
* ``sudo ./waf install``

### Finally! Building plex-media-player

Assuming that everything else has installed correctly, building Plex Media Player should now be fairly straightforward:

* ``git clone git://github.com/plexinc/plex-media-player``
* ``cd plex-media-player``
* ``mkdir build``
* ``cd build``
* ``cmake -GNinja -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug -DQTROOT=/usr/local/Qt-5.6.0 -DMPV_INCLUDE_DIR=/usr/local/include/mpv -DMPV_LIBRARY=/usr/local/lib/libmpv.so.1 -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=output ..``
* ``ninja-build``

Once ninja-build completes successfully, you should have a usable ``./src/plexmediaplayer`` binary. Run it and test it out! If it works as you expect, you should be able to run ``sudo install ./src/plexmediaplayer ./src/pmphelper /usr/local/bin`` so that the program is usable from anywhere on the system.

## License

Plex Media Player is licensed under GPL v2. See the ``LICENSE`` file.
Licenses of dependencies are summarized under ``resources/misc/licenses.txt``.
This file can also be printed at runtime when using the ``--licenses`` option.
